Strict Guidance update (#349)
biometricITC/cPP-biometrics: Supporting Documents/BS_SD.adoc

The evaluator shall examine the TSS and BMD to understand how the TOE generates templates of sufficient quality from samples at enrolment (see <<Biometric quality>> for a review of measures of sample quality). The evaluator shall also examine the AGD guidance about how the TOE supports a user to enrol correctly and how the TOE behaves when low quality samples are presented to the TOE for enrolment.

The evaluator shall examine the <<qualityassessmentcriteria, quality assessment criteria report>> to determine how the TOE creates the templates from samples based on this assessment criteria. The <<qualityassessmentcriteria, quality assessment criteria report>> may include;

[loweralpha]
. Quality requirements for the biometric sample to ensure that a sufficient amount of distinctive features is available
. Method to quantify the quality of samples (e.g. method to generate quality score)
. Assessment criteria to accept the sample of sufficient quality (e.g. compare quality score to quality threshold)

> . Quality standard that the TOE uses to perform the assessment if the TOE follows such standard (e.g. <<NFIQ2>> for fingerprint)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Quality standard that the TOE uses to perform the assessment if the TOE follows such standard (e.g. <<ISO29794-4>> for fingerprint)
```

.. Type of quality algorithm
+
The type of algorithm used to determine the quality of the sample.
.. Quality assessment test tools
+
Information that uniquely identifies all testing tools (e.g. SDK) used for the quality assessment testing shall be reported.

[loweralpha, start=2]
. Result of the quality testing
+
The quality assessment report shall provide the following items from the result of testing:
+
[arabic]
.. Test period and location
+
Timeline for the quality assessment testing (samples may be collected over multiple sessions if necessary) and location of testing shall be reported.
.. Modality used for biometric verification
+
The quality assessment testing shall be done for all modalities selected in FIA_MBV_EXT.1. The results of testing for each modality shall be reported separately.
.. Number of test subjects and samples
+
* Test subjects
+
Number of test subjects who participated in the testing shall be reported.
* Samples
+

> Number of samples collected for each body part and total number of samples collected from all test subjects shall be reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of samples collected for each modality and total number of samples collected from all test subjects shall be reported.
```

+

> Note all test subjects may not generate the samples successfully and total number of samples may be less than (number of test subjects) × (number of body parts of a test subject) × (number of samples collected for each body part).

Reviewer: Not sure if typo, so please check. Also trying to avoid "body part."

```suggestion
Not all test subjects may generate the samples successfully and total number of samples may be less than (number of test subjects) × (number of modalities of a test subject) × (number of samples collected for each modality).
```

.. Result of testing
+
The determination of the quality score that will be used as the basis for sufficient quality.

==== Quality algorithm identification
The developer shall report on the algorithm(s) used to assess the quality of biometric samples. 

> The discussion of the algorithms(s) should include information about the defects that are considered and handled in determining quality. The specific algoirthm(s) used to generate a qualtiy score, whether general or modality-specific, must be covered. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The discussion of the algorithms(s) should include information about the defects that are considered and handled in determining quality. The specific algorithm(s) used to generate a quality score, whether general or modality-specific, must be covered. 
```

The following information shall be included in the report.

[loweralpha]
. Review of defect types and how they are handled.
* User character
* User behavior
* Imaging
* Environmental
. Criteria used to determine quality
+
A description of how defects are treated when determining quality.
. Algorithms used in determining quality
+

> Information about the algorithm(s) used to determine the quality of the captured sample. A description of any custom (e.g. non-public) algorithm must be provided in enough detail to understand how it performs the assessment. Public algorithms can be referenced to their source along with a summary of the use by the TOE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information about the algorithm(s) used to determine the quality of the captured sample. A description of any custom (e.g. non-public) algorithm must be provided in enough detail to understand how it performs the assessment. Public algorithms can be referenced to their source along with a summary of their use by the TOE.
```

- [#ISO19795-2]#[ISO/IEC 19795-2]# Biometric performance testing and reporting - Part 2: Testing methodologies for technology and scenario evaluation, First edition.    
- [#ISO19795-3]#[ISO/IEC 19795-3]# Biometric performance testing and reporting - Part 3: Modality-specific testing, First edition.
- [#ISO19989-1]#[ISO/IEC 19989-1]# Criteria and methodology for security evaluation of biometric systems – Part 1: Framework, Under development.  
- [#ISO29794-1]#[ISO/IEC 29794-1]# Biometric sample quality - Part 1: Framework, Second edition.
- [#ISO30107-3]#[ISO/IEC 30107-3]# Biometric presentation attack detection — Part 3: Testing and reporting, First edition.        
- [#BEAT]#[BEAT]# Biometrics Evaluation and Testing, https://www.beat-eu.org.
- [#Biometric quality]#[Biometric quality]# Biometric quality: a review of fingerprint, iris, and face - July 2, 2014, https://link.springer.com/article/10.1186/1687-5281-2014-34.

> - [#NFIQ2]#[NFIQ2]# NIST Fingerprint Image Quality 2, https://www.nist.gov/services-resources/software/nfiq-2.

Reviewer: As partial as I am to NFIQ2, it's not the standard, only a reference implementation of 29794-4.

```suggestion
- [#ISO29794-1]#[ISO/IEC 29794-1]# Biometric sample quality - Part 4: Finger image data.
```
